Add docs for new processors (#11239)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/processors-using.asciidoc

processors:
- add_fields:
    target: project
    fields:
      name: myproject
      id: '574734885120952459'
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Adds these fields to any event:

[source,json]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
{
  "project": {
    "name": "myproject",
    "id": "574734885120952459"
  }
}
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[[add-labels]]
=== Add labels

The `add_labels` processors adds a set of key-value pairs to an event.
The processor will flatten nested configuration objects like arrays or
dictionaries into a fully qualified name by merging nested names with a `.`.
Array entries create numeric names starting with 0.  Labels are always stored
under the Elastic Common Schema compliant `labels` sub-dictionary.

`labels`:: dictionaries of labels to be added.

For example, this configuration:

[source,yaml]
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
processors:
- add_labels:
    labels:
      number: 1
      with.dots: test
      nested:

>         with.dots: nested

Reviewer: Aren't we moving away from dots in field names, to avoid conceptual conflicts with dots representing nested objects?

}
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[[add-fields]]
=== Add fields

The `add_fields` processor adds additional fields to the event.  Fields can be
scalar values, arrays, dictionaries, or any nested combination of these.  By

> default the fields that you specifiy will be grouped under the `fields`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
default the fields that you specify will be grouped under the `fields`
```

> sub-dictionary in the event.  The `target` setting can be used to change the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sub-dictionary in the event. To group the fields under a different
```

> sub-dictionary used for grouping the new fields under.  To store the fields as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sub-dictionary, use the `target` setting. To store the fields as
```

top-level fields, set `target: ''`. 

> ``target``:: (Optional) Sub-dictionary to put all fields in to. Defaults to `fields`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`target`:: (Optional) Sub-dictionary to put all fields into. Defaults to `fields`.
```

> ``fields``:: Fields to be added:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`fields`:: Fields to be added.
```

> Example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> This configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, this configuration:
```

[source,yaml]
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
processors:
- add_fields:
    target: project
    fields:
      name: myproject
      id: '574734885120952459'
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Adds these fields to any event:

[source,json]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
{
  "project": {
    "name": "myproject",
    "id": "574734885120952459"
  }
}
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[[add-labels]]
=== Add labels

The `add_labels` processors adds a set of key-value pairs to an event.
The processor will flatten nested configuration objects like arrays or
dictionaries into a fully qualified name by merging nested names with a `.`.
Array entries create numeric names starting with 0.  Labels are always stored

> under the ECS compliant `labels` sub-dictionary.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if users will know what we mean by "ECS compliant"?

Author: Hm, me too :)

`labels`:: dictionaries of labels to be added.

> Example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, this configuration:
```

[source,yaml]
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
processors:
- add_labels:

>     labels:

Reviewer 2: This example might be easier to parse if I didn't contain the word label in the field names. A more realistic example would be better IMO.

Author: removing labels. Have to think about better examples.

time (DST) and regular time. For example `CEST` indicates DST and and `CET` is
regular time.

[[add-tags]]
=== Add tags

> The `add_tags` processor adds tags to an list of tags. The tags will be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `add_tags` processor adds tags to a list of tags. If the target field already exists,
```

> appended to the existing list of tags, if the target field already exists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the tags are appended to the existing list of tags.
```

> `tags`:: List of tags to add

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`tags`:: List of tags to add.
```

`target`:: (Optional) Field the tags will be added to. Defaults to `tags`.

> 

Reviewer 2: It would be nice to have an example that shows usage here.
